Let's show you how to deploy your data science content to Posit Connect Cloud.
In this example, we'll be deploying a Shiny for Python application,
but Posit Connect Cloud is not limited to just this framework.
Deploying on Connect Cloud starts with the GitHub repository.
Here, we'll create an empty repository named dashboard,
and then clone it down to our computer.
Next, we'll create our Shiny for Python application.
Here, we'll use an existing Shiny for Python template
and save it into our cloned repository.
We'll follow the instructions to install the template dependencies
and run it in Positron.
Let's run this application locally first.
We'll open the app.py file and click the play button from the Shiny VS Code extension.
We can see the reactivity of the application when we change the checkboxes.
Next, we need to get all the code to our GitHub repository.
Now that the code is on GitHub, let's go to Connect Cloud and deploy our application.
After you log in and connect your GitHub account to Connect Cloud,
we can click publish, Shiny, and select our repository.
Our current application is on the main page,
and we can see that we have a lot of code that we need to deploy.
Our current application is on the main branch and is named app.py.
We then hit publish.
Our app is now published at the URL.
Now, let's make a change to the capitalization of the dashboard title.
The changes will automatically republish the application.
You do not need to click the republish button by default.
In the content settings, by clicking on it here,
you have the option to turn off auto-republish
and also the option to give your content a custom URL.
Posit Connect Cloud is an easy way to deploy straight from an existing GitHub repository
and share your data science work.